Yunqi, next my aunt may ask someone to investigate the relationship between you and Aunt Su.
We have to prepare as soon as possible. Of course I know that,
This time the head shot failed to achieve the goal of eighteen, and I still wrote down the details and eliminated the selection because I wanted to see the coincidence.
It’s true that you have found the secrets of iron shoes,
It all takes effort. you say,
If mom knew there was a man hiding in Qiaolian's room,
What will she think? You plan.
What did you call mom? Let's get her information together.
I don't think she remembered it this time.
Why are you here? Even if I have my own home.
Okay, tell me what happened when you came back.
I heard there is a sense of drama in the family
My unimportant brother
Not on you
He remembers a lot of things
But it’s not like I don’t have proof. What can I say?
I also know that the plot treats people
Xiaonian, actually I regret it
Was this originally from before our prime?
It's too late to say this now
That's why I'm worried
you helped me so much
Do you like me?
I thought you liked me
After all, such a small thing
Just make a phone call and it will be solved
Why bother our Mr. Sheng to climb through the window?
Come on, tell me I'm overthinking